[4.1.0][CC] Update API Authentication docs (#5656)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/security/api-authentication/configuring-an-external-key-manager.md

# Configuring an External Key Manager

You can configure an external Key Manager or a Token Service in the following ways depending on the Choreo Connect **mode** you have chosen.

|**Mode**         | **Method**    |
|--------------|-----------|
|[Choreo Connect with WSO2 API Manager as a Control Plane]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/apim-as-control-plane/)   | [Via WSO2 API Manager Admin Portal](#via-wso2-api-manager-admin-portal)  |
|[Choreo Connect as a Standalone Gateway]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/as-a-standalone-gateway/)  |[Via the Choreo Connect Config File](#via-the-choreo-connect-config-file) |

## Via WSO2 API Manager Admin Portal

> Choreo Connect provides the capability to configure external key managers through APIM admin portal. The issuer data is retrieved from the event hub at the startup, and updated as the changes are made from the admin portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choreo Connect provides the capability to configure external Key Managers through the API Manager Admin Portal. The issuer data is retrieved from the event hub at the startup, and updated as the changes are made from the Admin Portal.
```

!!! note
    Please note that Choreo Connect only supports self-validation of JWT tokens from key managers. (JWT tokens will be validated against the issuer data.)

!!! important
    Token services which are added from the `config.toml` file under `enforcer.security.tokenService` configuration will be overridden from the retrieved key manager configurations from the API Manager if the issuers are identical. Furthermore, if the corresponding key manager is removed from the API Manager admin portal, the token service added from the configuration will be used.

## Via the Choreo Connect Config File

> When Choreo Connect does not depend on a control plane, the external Key Managers, Token Services or JWT issuers can be configured in [config.toml]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/configuration-overview/#configurations-overview) as given below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Choreo Connect does not depend on a Control Plane, the external Key Managers, Token Services or JWT issuers can be configured in [config.toml]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/configuration-overview/#configurations-overview) as given below.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Isn't it better to provide a guide on how to configure the following tokenservice. feels this section is missing info

Author: Can you give an example?

Reviewer 2: we have just given the config example without explaining much on how to identify/provide values for the config, haven't we?

Author: Got the point. I also have given a generic link above. Let me update it together with some updates to the config descriptions.

!!! note
    Please note that Choreo Connect only supports self-validation of JWT tokens from key managers. (JWT tokens will be validated against the issuer data.)

!!! important
    Token services which are added from the `config.toml` file under `enforcer.security.tokenService` configuration will be overridden from the retrieved key manager configurations from the API Manager if the issuers are identical. Furthermore, if the corresponding key manager is removed from the API Manager admin portal, the token service added from the configuration will be used.

## Via the Choreo Connect Config File

> When Choreo Connect runs as a standalone gateway, the external Key Managers, Token Services or JWT issuers used for API authentication must be configured in the [config.toml]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/configuration-overview/#configurations-overview). To know what these parameters mean, checkout the descriptions given under [Token Service in Enforcer Configurations]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/enforcer-configurations/#token-service). Following are the token services configured by default. The template with the default values can also be found in `config.toml.template` located together with `config.toml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Choreo Connect runs as a standalone Gateway, the external Key Managers, Token Services or JWT issuers used for API authentication must be configured in the [config.toml]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/configuration-overview/#configurations-overview). To know what these parameters mean, go through the descriptions given under [Token Service in Enforcer Configurations]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/enforcer-configurations/#token-service). The following are the token services configured by default. The template with the default values can also be found in `config.toml.template` located together with `config.toml`.
```
